Bleve index directory preservation on upgrade (#4725)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/configuration-settings.rst

Index Dir
^^^^^^^^^^

Directory path to use for storing bleve indexes. 

.. tip::
   

>    The bleve index directory path isn't required to exist within the ``mattermost`` directory. When it exists outside of the ``mattermost`` directory, additional steps aren't needed to preserve or reindex these files as part of a Mattermost upgrade. See our `Upgrading Mattermost Server <https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/upgrading-mattermost-server.html>`__ documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The bleve index directory path isn't required to exist within the ``mattermost`` directory. When it exists outside of the ``mattermost`` directory, no  additional steps are needed to preserve or reindex these files as part of a Mattermost upgrade. See our `Upgrading Mattermost Server <https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/upgrading-mattermost-server.html>`__ documentation for details.
```

>    The bleve index directory path isn't required to exist within the ``mattermost`` directory. When it exists outside of the ``mattermost`` directory, additional steps aren't needed to preserve or reindex these files as part of a Mattermost upgrade. See our `Upgrading Mattermost Server <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/upgrade.html#upgrading-mattermost-server>`__ documentation for details.

Author: ```suggestion
   The bleve index directory path isn't required to exist within the ``mattermost`` directory. When it exists outside of the ``mattermost`` directory, additional steps aren't needed to preserve or reindex these files as part of a Mattermost upgrade. See our `Upgrading Mattermost Server <https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/upgrading-mattermost-server.html>`__ documentation for details.
```
